Update cli-reference.md (#1213)
astronomer/docs: software/cli-reference.md

Run `astro deployment update <your-deployment-id> [flags]` to update a Deployment. The Deployment ID can be found by running `astro deployment list`.

> > **Note:** Only some flags such as `--cloud-role` are specified with a `--`. Additional flags should be written without a leading `--`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** Some flags such as `--cloud-role` are specified with a double-dash `--`. Additional flags should be written without a leading double-dash `--`.
```
